researchers in United Kingdom have
according to deep scientifically
identified the funniest word in the
English language and that word is booty
John oh maybe that's funny in England
but I'm not sure that it's that funny
over here but to put the research to the
test we went on the street where
pedestrians are wandering by the scene
saying the word booty to them would make
anyone laugh booty doing booty what
booty booty booty booty yes allows them
to be hmm
Murray booty slowly slowly in aspic
slowly booty booty booty okay
booty booty what what are we supposed to
answer on that what is it a question is
it like what's booty what booty is it
yeah there's a study saying booty is the
funniest word in the dictionary no no
honey
well alright well they need taking that
booty yeah I don't know if it was a
fraud
I don't know booty booty is not the
funniest we're not even close and in
fact tonight to set the record straight
we've compiled a list of the actual
funniest words in the English language
every one of which is funnier than booty
and here now to help me present them
four-time Emmy Award winner for best
comedy actor men who knows funny words
mr. Jim Parsons Jim
on the floor
Asenath head are the funniest words in
the English language some are you ready
to set them free very much so
all right then left again the first word
is monkey canoodle gargle cockpit Bigley
[Music]
Uranus nut ball Cumberbatch
weenus
Reince Priebus horny to Albert Pujols
phoner nips gubernatorial and the number
one funniest word in the English
language is bazinga
[Applause]
[Music]
I am Jimmy Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe this invisible hamster
will die